what finally bought the game and how
well, you lana
square with time she'll like it
you more well what is it
no, you can't go there, it's your house
gorgeous you think it's gorgeous what 's not here
wait from there you have diamonds to
get dressed not why you should find them
this is the goal of the game this is a stove sensor not
play with it this pie seriously 100
rest movies I don't know what to do to you
need to learn how to play the game is boring and you
I must learn what I did not learn what I
doing okay what should i do for
start you gotta beat the trees and
trees are you a moron just follow me
see this tree yes see this
oherennaya motive tree yes see ugric
hit him da one
Einstein nothing happens click mouse
a curse
oh fuck i did it i did it
see, it's easy, I want children from you
I'll go eat and come back in ten
minutes
play until one okay yes well in the ass these
trees and what is it lighter lord
fucking holy dzhigurda I'm burning
i'm burning that damn thats damn i'm burning and man
I wanted to give I can not eat welled
imagine what left you on the idea
Combine that devour my fucking donk
admire you gray griffer and what is it